# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
I think by thursday I really started to grasp the columns and rows of bootstrap, and got a better understanding of the grid system as well as flex-box. after doing the frog excersize, where i could see each command running at a time, I feel like my knowledge of flex-box became more understood. Its one thing to know a string of code works, and its another to see it happen one step at a time. i definitely need more practice 
- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
BOOTSTRAP. you can go grab things that you would need to save you time. 
but also all of the things that come programeed into those. such as built in padding, the scroll to options, margins.
- What are you struggling with?
I need more practice. I need to go through the motions of making more sites. I understand the flex-box but i need more practise. Im really strugling with getting things to look good on mobile. moving things around from the site and changing the order on mobile. 
im also struggling with having something spill over from one row to another, and how to overlap those things. 
- What would you count as a victory?
If i pass week one i would consider that a victory. 
gettting a better understanding of the bootstrap grid system I would consider a victory. 